Cheesy cod fish balls

Ingredients 

2 small-medium russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks (about 2 cups mashed potatoes)
550-600 g cod filets, cut into large chunks
2 garlic cloves, pressed
1 medium yellow onion, grated and juices squeezed out
1 1/2 tsp kosher salt
1/2 tsp pepper
2 tbsp finely chopped parsley
1 tbsp finely chopped mint 
1 tbsp finely chopped dill
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 cup panko breadcrumbs
zest of 1 lemon
2 eggs, whisked
30-32 small cubes of mozzarella cheese (about ½ inch squares)
avocado oil for frying

Tips and Tricks
Potatoes: As we discussed, russet potatoes are ideal for their high starch content, which leads to a fluffy texture.
Don’t Overmix: Overmixing the potato and cod mixture can lead to gluey Fish Balls. Mix just until everything is combined.
Chill The Mixture: By chilling the mixture in the fridge it makes it easier to work with and mold into balls. If you skip this step it’s going to be much more challenging.

Substitutions
Cod: If you can’t find cod you can use another mild tasting, flaky fish like halibut.
Herbs: There are a variety of herbs in this recipe to add flavor but you can play with the amounts to make this recipe your own.
Mozzarella: I love mozzarella in these Fish Balls but you can substitute this for another kind of cheese.

Instructions
 
1.Preheat the oven to 400F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.

2.Put the potato pieces in a pot with cold salted water and bring to a boil. Cook until fork tender, about 20-25 minutes.

3.When the potatoes are done, drain the water and then add the potatoes to a medium bowl. Mash the potatoes and set aside.

4.When the oven is preheated, add the cod pieces to the parchment paper lined baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Set the cod aside to cool for a few minutes.

5.Once the cod has slightly cooled, use a fork (or forks) to pull apart / shred the cod.

6.Add the shredded cod to the bowl with the mashed potatoes, along with the pressed garlic, grated onion, salt, pepper, chopped parsley, chopped mint, chopped dill, olive oil, panko breadcrumbs, lemon zest and whisked eggs. Mix until well combined.

7.Cover the bowl set in the fridge for 2 hours, until everything is completely cooled and firm to the touch.

8.Once fully cooled, scoop out 2 tablespoons per ball, gently push a piece of mozzarella cheese into the center of the ball and roll into balls around the mozzarella. Set aside on a plate. This should yield 30-32 cod fish balls.

9.To fry: Add the avocado oil to a medium pot or high-sided pan, about 1 ½ – 2 inches and heat over medium heat. You’ll know when the oil is hot enough if you dip the back of a wooden spoon in the oil and it sizzles.

10.Set aside a plate with a paper towel on it. Fry the cod fish balls in batches, for about 5-7 minutes, rotating about halfway through to ensure golden brown colour all around. Make sure you don't crowd the pan when frying.
Once fried, set aside fried cod fish balls on the paper towel and repeat until all of the cod fish balls are fried.  If you find the cod fish balls are getting too dark in colour, turn the heat down a bit.